---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coxedge_cdn_settings Resource - terraform-provider-coxedge"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CDN settings for a site in a given environment.
---

# coxedge_cdn_settings (Resource)

CDN settings for a site in a given environment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_name` (String) The name of the environment that the site belongs to.
- `site_id` (String) A site's unique identifier.

### Optional

- `allowed_cors_origins` (String) The strategy for allowing cors origins. Can be SPECIFY_ORIGINS or ALL_ORIGINS.
- `browser_cache_ttl` (Number) Sets the default browser expiration time for cached assets, in seconds.
- `cache_expire_policy` (String) A site's cache expiry policy. Can be ORIGIN_CONTROLLED, SPECIFY_CDN_TTL, NEVER_EXPIRE, or DO_NOT_CACHE.
- `cache_ttl` (Number) The time to live for the cache, in seconds. Depends on the cache expiry policy.
- `canonical_header` (String) The hostname for the canonicalHeader, only visible if canonicalHeaderEnabled is true.
- `canonical_header_enabled` (String) Whether or not to enable setting Link: http://{hostname}/URI; rel="canonical" header on each response.
- `content_persistence_enabled` (String) Whether or not make cached content available after its expiration time.
- `cors_header_enabled` (String) Sets the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header to allow browsers to access this domain from other origins.
- `custom_cached_headers` (List of String) A list of custom cached headers. Only visible if dynamicCachingByHeaderEnabled is true.
- `custom_cached_query_strings` (List of String) List of custom cached query strings. Only visible if the queryStringControl attribute is CUSTOM.
- `dynamic_caching_by_header_enabled` (String) Whether or not to enable dynamic caching by headers.
- `gzip_compression_enabled` (String) Whether or not to enable gzip compression.
- `gzip_compression_level` (Number) The level for the gzip compression. Values are between 1 to 6. Only visible is gzipCompressionEnabled is true.
- `http2_server_push_enabled` (String) Whether or not to push assets to the client or browser (user) in advance (before the user requests these assets) which enables faster load times.
- `http2_support_enabled` (String) Whether or not to enable supporting applications using HTTP/2 protocol.
- `link_header` (String) The link header for http2ServerPush, only visible if http2ServerPushEnabled is true.
- `maximum_stale_file_ttl` (Number) The maximum time to live for stale files, in seconds. Only visible if contentPersistenceEnabled is true.
- `origins_to_allow_cors` (List of String) A list of origins to allow cors requests from. Only visible if allowedCorsOrigins is set to SPECIFY_ORIGINS.
- `query_string_control` (String) The strategy for caching query strings. Can be IGNORE, CACHE_ALL or CUSTOM.
- `url_caching_enabled` (String) Whether or not to enable caching of URLs without file extensions.
- `url_caching_ttl` (Number) The time to live for the url cache. Only visible if urlCachingEnabled is true.
- `vary_header_enabled` (String) Whether or not to enable honoring the vary header in a request.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


