---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coxedge_network_policy_rule Resource - terraform-provider-coxedge"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Network policy rules allows you to control inbound and outbound traffic to your workload.
---

# coxedge_network_policy_rule (Resource)

Network policy rules allows you to control inbound and outbound traffic to your workload.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) The network policy rule action: ALLOW (allow traffic) or BLOCK (deny traffic).
- `environment_name` (String) The name of the environment that the site belongs to.
- `port_range` (String) This specifies on which ports traffic will be allowed or denied by this rule. It can be a range of ports separated by a hyphen.
- `protocol` (String) Supported protocols are: TCP, UDP, TCP_UDP, ESP, AH, ICMP or GRE.
- `source` (String) A subnet that will define all the IPs allowed or denied by this rule.
- `type` (String) The type of network policy rule, either INBOUND or OUTBOUND.
- `workload_id` (String) The UUID of the workload to which the network policy rule is applied. Corresponds to the first workload ID in the network policy's list of instance selectors.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A summary of what this rule does or a name of this rule. It is highly recommended to give a unique description to easily identify a rule.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the network policy rule, in the form networkProfileId/type/hashCode/occurrence.
- `network_policy_id` (String) The UUID of the network policy to which the network policy rule belongs.
- `stack_id` (String) The UUID of the stack to which the network policy belongs.


